today we're gonna learn how to make tuna
fish rolls these are really popular roll
in Japan third everywhere my wife the
Japan housewife absolutely loves them
and she said we gotta show everyone how
to make them and I gotta be honest I
like him way more than I cared with man
so we just have some lettuce and some
cucumber right there on the regular rice
base that we have here if you don't have
to do that please click on the link and
see our other video we show you how to
make rice no problem and here we just
have some tuna fish that's mixed up with
some mayonnaise you can do that to your
own taste salt and pepper I'm sure most
of you know how to make tuna fish at
home and really these are super simple
you just put the ingredients together
like so and then roll the rice and the
roll like so and really there's not much
to these but these taste great they're
fantastic every time we would go out for
sushi in Japan we'd always be sure to
order them these things are I kind of
compare and like the french fries of
japan because they're there everywhere
and I'm kind of surprised or not popular
here in the US either but once you get
it rolled over you get your super sharp
sushi knife and you just go ahead and
cut it you'll notice that our knife is
pretty long so it knocks the sushi get
it quite a bit but we're just cutting
these rolls like so wiping the knife
every time and that rag has a rice
vinegar water mixture that keeps the
rice from sticking to the knife and
helps the knife cut through it and just
like butter
so yeah it's I've probably more of these
rolls than anything else and I was in
Japan for a long time just because
they're good and like I said they're
everywhere and everyone loves them and
they're really simple to make it home to
so feeling for something simple and fun
to make these are certainly it as well
kids love them too and some people are a
little squeamish about sea
as well so here they are I hope you
enjoy them as much as we do because
these things are awesome so thanks for
watching we appreciate life some
comments please